---
layout: post
title:  "New Year"
date:   2025-01-03 23:02:00 +0000
categories: blog
---

WELCOME TO 2025 BOZOS!

THAT'S RIGHT, NEW YEAR MEANS NEW TOTALLY <b>REALISTIC</b> AND ATTAINABLE GOALS!!! HELL YEAHHHHHH!

What does this mean for Virtual Dustpan? 

Glad you asked, it means that I shall be kicking into overdrive here at the site this upcoming year as I prepare to, in the wise old words of Gambit himself, <i>make a name for myself here!</i>

This year I want to make Virtual Dustpan the biggest and best personal blog ON EARTH. Big goal huh? Yeah well it's even bigger than that because I also want to finally make it the hub for all the projects I wish to get to, PROJECTS I AM CERTAIN YOU CARE SO DEARLY ABOUT READER.

<i>breathes in...</i>

Honestly, I don't think the whole FULL CAPS and <i>italics</i> really fit so to put it simply:

Virtual Dustpan will be updated on the regular (every week I am hoping) and soon I shall be pumping out links and updates to my various little side gigs I definitely will start doing this year, after years of telling myself I will. Now before this gets too egotistical, my dear loyal readers (you are there right?), how does this impact you? I am hoping that by sharing my endeavours I may be able to also share some insight (likely useless but we will try) and also pretening you have an audience is mighty motivating when it comes to this stuff! That's correct, you are being used. You absolute mug (no offence). And if you are still reading well strap in chat, we are going places (up the road to the Premier but I digress)

See you later buckaroos, time to lock in.


Dylan.